We know how three products in our repository in our database.
So how are we going to update any of these products or all of them.
Let's take out the options that we have for our products and let's see what spring data and JP offers
us in the methods so that we can update our products.
Let's come down here and let's take a look at the repository of methods that we can use within our application.
And let's say you want to update.
But here we go.
We don't have any update methods.
Let's take a look at it again.
And we don't have any update methods offered to us.
We have find all say and the methods that we provided as in the method.
And we have count we have delete exists and alternatives for applying to all find one get one.
And that's basically all we don't have any update methods.
So how are we going to do that.
The way to do that is fairly straightforward.
Let's take a look at it.
Sure we want to update a product let's say for a specific type and we have specific as the type for
the current product and for the second product we have type custom.
And for the first product we have general set as a type.
So let's assume that we want to update the current product to do that let's just find the product in
our repository in our database first and I'm going to use the name method that we used in our previous
examples the find by type method.
So that method is going to get me a product and I'll say product to update and I'll go to my repository
and I'll say fine by type.
And in the type I'll provide specific.
All right this statement is going to get me the specific product and that is the third product.
All right.
So when you find us product and say you've It's not no and it exist in our repository then we want to
update it.
And let's check if it's not.
No.
And then we just simply say that we want to update this product and to do that.
I'm simply going to set the new wearables the new properties that I want to update.
That's basically all you have to do to update a product or update anything with spring data on JPA spring
data and JPA is clever enough to know that if you want a saved product with a completely new one that
you want to create it or you just simply want to update an existing data existing entity.
Because what we've done in our product entity we said we want it to be distinct with our ID field that
ID field is going to be our primary key in our database.
So with that primarily at hand if we have the primary key in our entity and in this case we're going
to repository with the find by method one by type method and that method repository is going to get
us the complete product with the ID field.
And of course the rest of the properties that we need.
So with the ID field in the product you update variable we can just set the new wearables to our product
so we can simply update it.
So let's update it right now.
So for the update process I'm going to say I want to give it a new name and I'll say update it
product so that we can easily see it in our database and I'm also going to update the description so
I'll say
date it description.
All right.
So now all we have to do is to sell this product into our repository into our database.
So let's say product repository and say.
All right.
In the same month it froze we're going to provide the the product that we want to update and to see
that in our logs.
Let's take the return value of the product and printed out to the console.
And I'm going to say update it and I'll get back the updated product data.
So let's look this out to our counsel and I'm going to say Lagat info update it product details and
I'm going to say the updated list.
All right.
And so that we can see the product that we're going to update beforehand that before it's modified let's
out to the console to so that we can see the difference.
So I'm going to say look that info and
before update
product details and I'm going to give the product to date.
All right.
So with this way we can see the difference with the updated and pre updated products and you'll see
that ID is not going to change and all the remaining fields in our product is not going to change all
the things that's going to change as that description and the name field.
All right let's see our changes in action and let's update our entity our data.
So I'm going to run our application
it's starting out right now.
Here we go Indico also as you can see our select statement are filed by type method is printed out right
here and right after that we have an update statement just as we expected in the update statement hibernates
has update product asset category description name price type and do that with the idea that's brought
from the product to update.
So the actual logs we're interested in is before update product.
The idea is this and the updated product ID is exactly the same as you can see here.
It's not change because it's the same product and as the hybrid that says it's just update it.
No new data created because the data already has an ID field.
The primary key is already there.
So it's just update it.
And let's take out the other fields before the update process.
And before we update the name of our product was test the product and after the update it now become
updated product.
And let's take out the description.
The description was simply a description before and the new product the updated product description
is now updated description as you can see here to verify the changes in our database in our actual data.
Let's go to Ed to counsel and see what it looks like.
So I'm going to fire up the Firefox and I'm going to say local HAUST ADHD and H-2.
All right.
Let's connect to our database
and I'm going to click on the product table and we have this statement here.
So I'm going to simply run the statement as you can see the turret product that we inserted in our database
to compare it.
I'm going to make it a little bit small and put it right here.
As you can see the turret product is now named as a data product and you can see that from the price
too because its price as 19 and the others are different and the type of the product was specific.
And this is exactly the product that we're looking for and we want to update it.
All right.
Updating process of Jaypee and spring data is very simple as you've seen in this example.
So let's take out the lead in the next video.